## Software Requirements
### Vision
A group of friends are all sitting around enjoying each other's company (remotely or in person) while listening to music and having a conversation. That’s when one suggests that they open the app to start a listening party. As these friends pick songs to fit each theme, you might be introduced to songs you’ve never heard before or assign new interpretations to ones you’ve known for a long time. You’ll probably learn more about your friends throughout the process as choosing songs will bring up old memories to share.

Especially now, people crave connection with others. While zoom fatigue is real, this app allows you a relaxed environment to connect with friends in a novel way. There’s no pressure to constantly be “on” you can simply just enjoy the music and let the conversation fade in and out. 

### Scope (In/Out)
#### IN - What will your product do

Songs against humanity:

* The web app will allow a user to connect to a party of other players. 
* The web app will prompt a user for a given topic
* Users will be able to pick their song that they feel closely relates to the given topic
* Each round one of the players will decide which song is the best choice for the given topic

#### OUT - What will your product not do.

* Our site will not just be a way to play spotify songs.
* Our site will not be a voting app to decide on the best song

#### MVP
What will your MVP be. What is your expected minimum end product?

A game that allows multiple users to connect to the same room, decide a topic (either generated by us or input by them), pick songs based on the topic (songs from spotify), allowing multiple users to connect from socket.io.

#### Stretch
What stretch goals are you going to aim for?

* Adding user stats, user login. 
* Displaying cool user info (wins, how many times their song picked, games played). 
* Adding searched songs from spotify to a user playlist/liked section.

### Functional Requirements 
List the functionality of your product. This will consist of tasks such as the following:

* A user will have an option to either create a new room or join an existing one.
* A user can create a new room that other uses can join.
* A user can start a game.
* One user will be a judge, the other users can search for songs to be judged using the Spotify API.
* A song that has been searched and selected can be played to everyone in the room.
* A judge/user can select a winning song, and then a new judge is selected.
* Users will repeat this process until a certain number is reached.

### Non-Functional Requirements (301 & 401 only) 
Our app has two main draws:
* Emotional factor of synchronous listening/gameplay (for general audience)
* Applied use of Socket.io and Spotify web player SDK in React/Redux context (for developers)

Usability
* Users navigate gameplay menus and playback controls without preventable confusion or frustration.
* Users are aware that Spotify Premium is required for hosting, but not for participating.
* Hosts begin and complete OAuth quickly and without encountering bugs or errors (from our app, anyway).
* Song playback works consistently for all users, even for participants without Spotify Premium accounts.
* Game sessions aren’t cut short by expiration of the host’s OAuth token.
* Gameplay doesn’t break if a participant disconnects. If the host disconnects, the app has user-friendly fallbacks to handle this (ex. assigning new host, alerting participants and showing button to return to home, etc.).
* Code quality/readability (maybe documentation?)
* Our code composition and application logic can be followed and understood by other developers without preventable confusion or frustration.
* The code (/documentation) for our React implementation of the SDK and/or Socket.io can be easily referenced or modified and repurposed by other developers (or ourselves in the future) for use in other projects.
* To the degree possible, given the limitations of developer experience and project timeline, our implementations of Socket.io and the SDK in React are based on a solid understanding of those technologies, and avoids overclocking or hacking, even though that stuff is fun to do.

Data Flow

https://miro.com/app/board/o9J_knIhCTE=/

Haven’t fully hashed out the game flow yet but here’s the idea for synchronous playback
